From hanselminutes.com. It's Hanselman. It's
a weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan and unsync
show number two Oh five.
Recorded live Thursday, March 11th, 2010. Support
for Hanselman it's. This provided
by Tellerik R a D
control the most comprehensive suite
of components for windows forms
and asp.net web applications online@wwwdottelerik.com.
In this episode, Scott talks
Oh, data with Pablo Castro.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman,
and this is another episode
of Hanselminutes today. We've got
Pablo Castro. Who's a principal
architect at Microsoft, and one
of my favorite people because
he works at one of
my favorite products and that
product is changing a little
bit. And I wanted to
bring Pablo on the show
and talk about it. Thanks
for taking the time to
sit down with me. Hey,
Hey Scott. Yeah, sure. So
let's start at the beginning
because I'm a little confused.
Some people are confused. There's
there's this thing called the
open data protocol for old
data. And if you go
to old data.org, there's a
very basic webpage. That explains
a lot about this thing,
but then there was a
thing called ado.net data services
that you can go file
new item in visual studio.
And then there was a
thing that was code named
Estoria. Can you reconcile these
three things for me please?
Oh, absolutely. And so we
thought the beginning there was
a project and that story,
and that was an experiment.
And, you know, we give
experiments code names because we
don't know what we're going
to do with them. Then
we, you know, people liked
it. So we turned it
into a product. And since
we don't do cool lanes,
some other policy, we changed,
we changed the authorial name
into ado.net data services, which
sort of matches the team
where the technology sits and
it aligns with other other
components in the stack. And
we, we did that for
a while. Now. One of
the things that happened while
we were trying to get
used to say ADR does
net data services, is that
the protocol used by ADL
data services sort of took
a life of its own.
People started to implement it
sometimes using our tool kits
sometimes without, and we saw
a lot of value on,
on the protocol itself. It
was an enabler for applications
to share data and all
that. And it sort of,
it became a thing of
its own independent from the,
from effectively, what is our.net
implementation. So we decided to
give the protocol a name
and, you know, we deleted
this a lot and that
we ended up calling it
the open data protocol or
all data. And so now
we have the protocol and
of course have.net implementation. And
we realized that we actually
were doing a lot of
work to aligned the authorial
stack with WCF. We already
do some, but we wanted
to go further. And this
set up is actually very
similar to what we already
do in other contexts. Like
if you look at our
soap stack, we have soap.
That is a protocol and
we have the WTF implementation.
That is the dotnet implementation
of the SaltStack. So we,
we, we thought it would
be a good idea to
do the same thing. And
this sets up us for
the, for the long run.
So what we have now
is the open data protocol.
That's the protocol. So it's
a document if you will,
that describes what to do.
And then we have dub
CF data services, which is
the.net implementation of it. And
you can expect all that
implementations of all data to,
to pop out there over
time that you know, are
independent from WTF CF data
servers. Okay. So let me
see if I understand then,
so a story, it was
an early code name, ado.net
data services was the thing
that we called it. When
we put out.net 3.5, the
service pack one, and then
it became kind of a
thing of its own, specifically
the protocol, the, the, the
angle brackets and the, the
model, the data model. Then
you put the protocol out
into the world and you
release it basically like an
open specification. And then now
what we thought of is
ado.net data services is the
Microsoft implementation of old data.
And are we calling the
Microsoft implementation of ODA, something
different than ado.net data services?
So starting with four, Oh,
we're starting to call it
the DOP CF data services,
WCF data service. Yeah. Okay.
But it's all the same.
Yes. Okay. So that means
if I already have one
of these, I've had an
open data endpoint, is that
correct? Is that what I
would call that? If I
have an ado.net data service
now, and I'm using it
in my product, can I
tell people I have an
open data endpoint? I have
an old data service. Okay.
I assume that as principal
architect, you have no control
over the actual name that
some marketing guide decided That's
a fair assumption. I like
to think that I can
influence a little bit, but
as you can tell, I
failed miserably. So yeah, I
think it's a fair take.
Okay. So give us a
little bit of a basics
of how this works. I
I'm, I'm reasonably familiar with
it, but kind of walk
me through the, through the
stack. Is this talking to
the database or is this
talking to some objects? What
interfaces to those objects have
to, to have, and then
kind of walk me from,
from the, Got it. So
they know the protocol doesn't
dictate anything about where the
data comes from or how
you process it. It is
entirely described in terms of
the edge, like the interface
itself. So you can think
of it as what you
see when you talk to
a server over at HTTP
end, it really doesn't get
into the business of how
you manage that data. If
you look@actualimplementationsinparticularlyifyoulookatour.net implementation, the, the
way this works is we,
we have, we have an
abstraction that is the usual,
you know, provider model thing,
where we, since the system
is heavily declarative, the abstraction
is very centered around metadata.
So what you do is
you describe the shape of
your dataset somehow, and they
somehow could be, you give
us a bunch of dotnet
types. And you tell us
that each type represents the
shape of a particular data
item, or there is a
more generic way of describing
the shape of your data,
using a few classes that
you can think of them
as sort of the reflection
classes, except that they are
independent from dotnet types. So
you can give us a
description of your data, even
if you don't have done
it types for them. So
why don't you give us
a description of what the
data looks like? We will
ultimately construct that URL namespace.
So the serialization formats and
all of that for you.
The second question though, is
that's metadata. Where does the
data come from? That again,
is up to the implementation.
And in the case of
the.net implementation, what we did
is we needed something that
was very flexible, then impose
any particular data model constraints
in it. And it turns
out that the link framework
that was kicking around back
then it was like a
new thing. It's a perfect
abstraction for that, because it
has the idea of an
eye queryable. So you can
formulate a query, but the
shape of the query and
the shape of the results
are very flexible. They are
not constrained into a particular
model. So the way we
did in our framework is
we actually did sort of
the abstraction that separates the
provider from Astoria is just
an eye. It's a query
option. So the, the Estonia,
runtime, whatever I say is
totally you can replace in
your mind Cause you're still
calling it that in your
mind as well. Oh yeah.
Yeah. But you can, you
can replace it with a
corporate compliant name. Well, as
long as we all can
agree as a group, that
it's all the same thing.
I think that's, what's important
and it is, and that's
comforting. Yep. Yep. So the
framework, simply whenever we get
a URL, we think of
a URL as a query
and we translate it into
a query object and then
hand it out to the
provider. And then you can
use any quotable implementation or
create your own to keep
the data source and the
data source. It may be
a relational database. And in
that case, you, you never
hide. You don't equate. They
will use one that already
exists. You know, you can
just, the entity framework you
can use, there is a
link translator for any highway
at night or whatever, whatever
you want to use, or
you can write link translators
for, for custom things. And
we have, we see a
lot of people doing that.
They write sort of very
like relatively narrow, specific translators
for custom backend. And, you
know, then it's up to
you to run the query.
You give us the results
and then we'll handle serialization
and such. So basically the
separation of responsibilities is the,
the data services framework will
handle all HTTP has all
the URLs, serialization, all the
interaction model, please, a little,
a few details of HTTP
that, you know, we don't
want everybody to have to
deal with. So we ship,
we handle all that. And
the data source gives us
a way of figuring out
the shape of it. It
gives us a way of
figuring out or a way
of quoting for the data.
And if they want to,
they give us an, a
way to update data back
into the data source. Okay.
So if I want to
make one of these and
I don't want my database
underneath it, I implement, I
queryable. And if I want
to support updating, I should,
I implement I updatable and
that's, that's all I need
to do. I mean, if
my object or my database
or my data source implements,
I queryable completely, then I
can make it an old
data end point. No problem.
Yeah. Yeah. There is a
little bit of a dance
you have to do to
hook it up. But if
you already have, and I
queriable, the rest is really,
really a little bit of
incremental work. Like a great
example of this is, you
know, starting with the 2010
version, all of the SharePoint
sites are, are all data
servers. So if you have
any SharePoint site kicking around,
if the administrator deploys the
option to order the package,
to have data services on
it, all of the SharePoint
data is all data. So
the way that happened is
the SharePoint guys have a
link provider or a link
translator that they, you know,
they are rebuilt. They use
for our things as well.
That goes against SharePoint against
the SharePoint. You can think
of it as a link
to that later on top
of SharePoint business logic layer.
And that the way they
use data services is they
simply give us the root
of their queries, their own
equatable implementation. And they, the
services that's the HTTP business.
And then SharePoint continues to
there'll be slushy stuff. And
there's very, very little sort
of code that goes beyond
this like strong separation layer
that is the liquid interface.
So they didn't have to
do a lot of work
then. I mean, really their,
their underlying data source that
didn't change the way that
they think about things didn't
change. It's just that rather
than navigating it with a
browser, you're navigating it with
the old data model. Exactly.
And they got to present
their business logic, which is
one of the key aspects
of data services and the
all data engineering as a
protocol to bear in is
like, well, data is not
the thing you use to
sort of create a shortcut
into the database. Like a
gateway type of thing is,
you know, sometimes you want
to do that. If you
have, for example, reference information,
you want to just Polish
the insurer, you can put
an old data hell on
a database and shared it.
But oftentimes it's on something
like SharePoint that has custom
access control, the updates, have
a lot of constraints in
them and things like that.
You actually want all data
to expose data as seen
through your business logic, not
as your store. And a,
I think SharePoint is a
perfect example of how healthy
machine that, you know, SharePoint
has all these options around
who can do what, and
you know, all these workflows
and all these things. And
they all data has to
be on top of that,
not on top of the
underlying store. Okay. So what,
what happens if SharePoint needs
to, you know, throw some
kind of important business exception
or, or, or let me
know about something that, Oh,
data as a protocol doesn't
support. So SharePoint, any implementation
for that matter, you can,
you can stop at any
point and throw an exception.
And if you usually, what
happens is the, the inner
parts of the system that
will exceptions that are specific
to their business logic, and
then usually in your all
data, or actually in this
case, in the data services
provider logic, you catch those.
And then there is a
special exception called data service
exception that lets you indicate
the actual message, which you
usually get from the underlying
exception. And also you can
give us an HTTP status
code. So we are a,
so we can put a
port the proper status code
to the client. You know,
one of the things we
do and we're very picky
about is will we try
hard to be very good
HTTP CD sense? So we,
we include all of the
folks implementing these things to
do proper translation of, you
know, specific error messages to
something that maps reasonably to
HTTP HTTP arrows. When, when
it's possible. Hi, this is
Scott Hanselman from another parallel
universe, got to tell you
about some of our things
our sponsors are doing. They
make this free podcast possible.
If you're developing a new
line of business application, you've
probably tried the latest version
of server light. Now you
can get even better results
by combining the functionality and
server life for beta, with
some of the richness of
the third party controls from
our friends at Tellerik, they're
the first vendors to offer
native support for the server
Lite for beta and their
rad controls. You've got a
new server Lite for CTP
suite of these controls. They
let you tap into the
frameworks, great potential. You got
native right mouse click and
all the new features of
server line there's 38 controls
that give you all these
features. You can start building
those compelling line of business
applications right away and encourage
you to check those products
out at tellerik.com/silverlight. And, you
know, thank Tellerik for supporting
Don and rock supporting Hansel
minutes on their Facebook fan
page at facebook.com/tellerik. Now back
to the show. So this,
this is interesting because this
brings up the concept of
rest. And you're saying that
that data and you're in
the audit, a spec and
the, and your implementation of
it tries to use HTTP,
I would say, as the
envelope, right? I mean, with
soap, HDP was secondary and
the envelope was something that
was part of the body
of the HTTP message. But
with data, if there's something,
if there's a, if there's
an existing error code in
the spec that maps to
what you're trying to do,
then you'll use that, that
starts getting into the kind
of the rest philosophy of
things, which is, you know,
embrace our, our transport in
this case. HTTP, is that
fair to say, but how
does that make Oh, date
is Odetta arrest style interface
or is it something else?
Yeah, so I guess to
answer your first question, yes.
We try, like, I, I
would say one of the
main guiding principles around the
design of, of data services
and all data in general
is, do not invent stuff.
And I think the whole
team has just gotten that
mantra and they are all
used now to look hard
around before you come up
with anything new. And that
includes all of the HTTP
protocol. We will use a
lot of it. In fact,
I'm surprised to look back
and see how much of
it we were able to
leverage. Like there is a
lot of, a lot in
the HTTP protocol that was
a very, very natural fit
for data, for data expanding
from your error codes to
actually very nice things like,
you know, eat dogs for
concurrency control and things like
that. So yeah, we use
it extensively as for the
rest question, you know, loosely
speaking, I think, yes, you
can say all data is
a restful system in the
sense that it's, it's very
centered around state and resources.
And, and for the most
part, the protocol does not
include custom operations. Like the
protocol is very centered around
the idea of have a
uniform interface, which is the
other core concept of fresh
food systems together with, with
resources. And also every resource
in the system gets an
address. When you put this
together, it means that the
uniform interface gives you the
ability to perform the uniform
actions on top of all
of the resources by using
URLs to talk about them.
And that is, you know,
many of the elements that
are characteristic of restful systems.
So I think in that
sense, it's fair to say
that it's, it lines up
fairly well with restful systems.
There is a few things
that, you know, that we
push a little bit farther,
like for example, a good
restful systems are hypermedia even
a, would that means is,
you know, you, you send
a document to a user,
to a client and the
client, the only thing it
does is it renders the
document or presents the documents
using its knowledge of mine
types. And then it follows
links to, for, to the
next action. So the document
continuing contains the links to
the next thing, or the
next set of documents. You
can go see all data,
that's heavy use of links.
So you can actually do
that. And you can, every
document you get, you get
the links to the related
items and things like that.
But we also have a
URL convention that people that
want to use can to
use. And that allows you
to formulate simple queries and
things like that. Having on
the client knowledge of the
silver URLs is it's controversial
at least. And you know,
it, it sort of doesn't
fit well with the hypermedia
centric approach. So, you know,
there's folks that would prefer
to opt out of that
and we define the protocol.
So you kind of talk
to that, but if you
opt into it, then you
have like a fairly wrestled
protocol for the most part.
And you have this bit
that, that eateries it's like
extra functionality, but it bypasses
the hypermedia constraint. When I
hit an old data endpoint
with my browser, it immediately
thinks that it's a feed
and I get, you know,
the feed friendly view inside
of internet Explorer. And I
have to go in and
tell internet Explorer, don't stop
doing that. Basically. I don't
think that you're a feed
I want to see, I
want to see reality. So
then I, I turn off
friendly feed view and I
see the actual markup. And
just like you said, you
see the, you get a
particular item, you see a
URL to the next related
item, and then you can
navigate to it. And it's
usually a copy paste, kind
of an operation. It feels
like your navigating the web
with Telnet, if you've ever
tried that, that's an experiment
that I do in a,
in some of the classes
that I used to teach
in university. I basically make
people open up telling that,
telling that into port 80
and then surf the web.
And it's kind of the
same thing. Do you anticipate,
or is it already, has
it already happened like, Oh,
data browsers or would it
be specific browsers or making
browsers recognize old data so
that it could be presented
in a way that would
allow me to navigate more
naturally? Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. So
there's actually seven at airports
to do that. And they
range from, from developer tools.
Like for example, folks that
work with link, maybe familiar
with link path, which is
available out there. It's not
a Microsoft thing. It's a
couple of folks building it.
And the link pilot as
of a few months ago
actually supports all data. So
you can point or link
back to an old data
end point and actually browse
around with it. Oh really?
Yeah. I love LinkedIn. Well,
now it's a, it's an
April date speaker. So we
also cooking up a couple
internally and actually we're packaging
one of them as an
example, we'll probably ship it
pretty soon. And so people
come here and play with
it and modify it and
stuff. But yeah, I definitely
expect all data, all data
exploders to, to, to start
to pop up, I expect
and expect them of them
from big, simple ones that
just browse around and maybe
follow links to sophisticated ones
that can actually change data
if they, you know, kind
of authentication and all that
stuff provides a December allowances.
So that brings up an
interesting point. I think there's
kind of two classes of
old data services. There's the,
you know, S basically slapped
the implementation of ODA on
top of an eye queryable.
You know, this is the
very, very basic step zero.
And I think that's what
I see the majority of.
And then there's extending old
data, inappropriate ways, like, you
know, may course making it
updatable, but also making service
operations available. And I've been
working on extending an application
to include data and myself
and John Galloway, who's working on
it with me and yourself
kind of had some discussions
where we would think that,
Oh, here's a perfect place
for an operation and by
an operation, I mean, not
navigating in the standard way,
but like almost, it's almost
like an operation and our
data as an extension method,
you know, it's like, Oh,
look here. Yep. And each
time you would kind of
say, no, no, you don't
need that because you can
get to that data the
regular way is that, is
that common? That, that, that
we keep it. It's almost
like saying, Hey, we need
a stored procedure here. And
you say, no, no, you
can do the query like
this. And then suddenly you
don't need a short procedure.
Do you find that there
are fewer and fewer needs
for this service operation? And
maybe you could say a
little something about service operations.
Yeah, well, I, you know,
I tend to push back
on service operations until they're
really, really needed. The problem
with service operations is one
of the really, really good
things about HTTP and in
particular restful systems on top
of HTTP is the idea
of a uniform interface. Uniform
interface means everybody I'll give
what you're on the meaning
of the operations you do.
So when you do a
get, I mean, the web
works because of these. Like
when you do an HTTP,
get to get a resource
from say a webpage or
something, a black, oftentimes a
proxy or some other kind
of intermediary will actually answer
on behalf of the seller
without even talking to the
server. And that actually is
done without second guessing anything
that is the protocol clearly
defines whether or not that
is okay to do or
not. When you can catch
when you can replay on
behalf of the server and
all that. So they immediately
to have intermediaries requires that
intermediaries clients and servers have
agreement on the meaning of
the operations. And that means
that you have to be
well known. So the uniform
interface is exactly the list
of operations that everybody agrees
on. So we all know
that get descent, or hopefully
there's always something broken, but
in principle, get, if you
do a, get against a
URL, that's a non side-effect
in operation. And most, you
know, Heather Heather's to control
caching, it's usually safe to
catch the thing. You take
them portent. So you save
to replay it and all
that. So, you know, those
characteristics, similarly, we know that
if you're doing put that
is certainly a side effect
in operation. And so, you
know, you can't, for example,
that you may not be
able to catch the response
for example, or you're not
supposed to blindly replay just
in case it may not
be idempotent or posting particularly
simple example of that. So
it's, that'd be separations, but
the uniform interface, they introduce
a name of an operation
that is opaque to everybody.
So unless you know about
implementation on that server, you
don't know the characteristics of
the operation, is it really
the only side effecting or
not idempotent no, you don't
know. So the only thing
you can do is I
know you can guess any
stain shadows, or you can,
you can assume the worst
and then never cash. It
never help anybody have the,
tell me the IDs blindly
pass it around until so.
And so this is kind
of geeky around the next
TTP, but it actually is
important to build good scalable
systems. So the reality though,
is that the research centric
abstraction sometimes just runs out
of gas and, you know,
you can still represent certain
things, but then it gets
weird and, you know, doing
things very, very weird only
on principle. Sometimes it's just,
you know, inflicting pain without
that real gain. So service
operations are a way on,
in, in data services to
say, well, you know, if
things got really, really weird
and you want to have
a custom entry point here
is how you do it.
At least we'll do it
all the same way. So
we agree on how you
do it. There's some use
cases for service operations that
are great. A couple of
examples are what is pure
computation. Like if you're doing
like a calculator function or
something, those are very weird
to do as a, as
a research resources and statement
session, it's much better to
just have a function that
does something. The other one
is when you have, when
you want to have kind
of views other the data.
And sometimes the view has
a filtering criteria or whatever
way of sorting or something
that you just can't express
easily in a URL because
it's complicated or because it
will require you to send
too much data or something.
And it's just easier to
pass a few parameters to
function and get the results
back. And as you know,
I think in that sense,
I think it's just a
matter of being pragmatic and
balancing principles with, you know,
getting the job done With
Oh, data were using for
the most part. If I
understand correctly angle brackets across
the wire, unless we're talking
to JavaScript and then it
will automatically speak, Jason, it'll
be up JavaScript, object notation.
Is there an a, can
I, can I speak at
any and even more terse
format? Can I have it
speak binary XML? So not
today, that's the shortest answer.
I did set topic that
I care about a lot
though. You know, this, this
is a tricky thing where
you have to balance, you
know, the interoperability with, with,
you know, efficiency requirements and
such. So right now there's
nobody in India, any binary,
eczema support. So your options
today are you can use
Jason. Jason is a, is
a small, it's a smaller
payload than, than the atom
or XML format that we
use. Although it has, it
has some, it has less
fidelity because the Jason liter
ulcer are not enough to
cover the typical datasets that
manage. So what, what I've
seen people being successful at
today is they they've been
using just HTTP compression, you
know, XML, compresses really well.
And you know, you're playing
it for CPU, but the
trade off works, works well.
And I've seen people being
successful at this. So if
you turn on compression, you'll
see a huge reduction in,
in with utilities, Right? And
this is, this is actually
a good example of doing
HTTP and embracing HTTP. It's,
it's part of it's part
of the spec. And it
will squish it'll squish something
like 40 50%. Yeah. Sometimes
more. I mean, XML is
a great thing to compress
because you, you, you can
feel very proud of yourself
very quickly. So yes, and
this is plain HTTP. There
is, you know, content and
calling seller, you can negotiate.
I clients negotiate whether or
not they can handle competition.
So the same end point
can set up both clients
that kind of clients that
can not handle compression, you
know, and we, we're looking
at binary XML. I really
care about biometrics. The only
problem is even choosing of
identity, XML format is controversial.
So, you know, this is
a topic that we need
to spend some time figuring
out what is the right
thing and how do we
do it and how to
make sure it's interpretable. You
know, I know that. So
I think there's just a
bunch of open questions, but
it's certainly a topic we're
looking at. Well, this is,
and I was actually headed
in a certain direction. And
I think you can probably
guess that, which is in
the, in the, in the
nineties, I was thinking about
complice. And we thought about
comm in the context of,
Hey, look, here's an object.
And it was in process.
And, Oh, look, now it's
out of process. And you
know, I have location transparency.
I don't even need to
think about that. And when
you would go from object
orientation to distributed applications, a
lot of times you'd keep,
people would keep pushing the
concept that look there's location
transparency, and then service orientation
introduced some formalization to that
to say, it's not reasonable
to take an object and
suddenly take it from in
process and put it in,
in New Zealand. I need to
know that that, that object
and accessing its data has
a cost. So service orientation
kind of formalize that, but
all the while I felt
like Microsoft hasn't really embraced
any kind of prescriptive guidance
around multi-tiered systems is, is,
is old data is our
own data implementation. The, the
kind of the ideal way
to make a two tier
crud system now a three
tier credit system. Yeah, I
think the generalization is to
the insurers. I don't think
it's general enough for people
to use it as a
rule. I, so the reality
is that you have to
think a little bit about
the nature of the interaction
between the upper half of
your application on the half,
sort of what it's going
to become the front end
of the app. And what's
going to become the middle
tier. And that you have
to think about whether you
can truly express all interactions
in terms of resources. If
you can, then data services
will save you a lot
of work. And in the
process, it also gives you
a middle tier that has
a lot of goodies. It
can be accessed by other
applications. It's interoperable, you know,
any client out there can
talk to it and all
the standard I'm gonna call
it the all data pitch.
So there's a bunch of
benefits to it, but the
interaction would have to work
for you. There are scenarios
where you want a more
operations centric interface that is
more constraint, and sometimes being
able to like constraining the
interface. So it does less,
and it's more domain specific.
It's more specific to what
you're trying to do. It's
actually a, it's a great
feature because it adds to
predictability In general, it has
a very crisp boundary on
what the application can and
cannot do. And in that
case, I think the right
thing to do is to
use WCF and, and create
a more operations centric interface
and not, not a resource
centric interface. So, you know,
I think once you, you,
you can make a call
on whether you are going
for an operations centric, obstruction,
or you want, you're comfortable
with research centric, then the
decision easy straight forward, if
you are heavily research centric,
then you can, you can
use the services. If, if
you want to do a
bunch of operations, then we
have WCF, which has extensive
support for sort of is
SOA type systems. And, you
know, an operation sensing, et
cetera, we see interface in
it. So it seems like
if you, that very, very
commonly people would have both,
you mean you'd have WCF
data services for the resource
centric aspects of things. And
then for the more formal
things that are, you know,
operations that would have different
requirements, you would use WCF
proper. And what I think
of is Ws start out
star and they would live
side by side. I mean,
there's no reason they can't
be in the same application.
I suppose We see that
a lot people use the
two services together a lot.
And in fact, that's part
of the reason why we
are, I mean, we didn't
just change the branding of
data services. We're actually working,
aligning the technologies because we
see our customers using them
together so often that we
think there is value in
having deeper integration between, between
the stack. We have some
already, but we haven't gone
far enough. And that's why
people have to have to.
And so we're exploring how,
how we can do that
better. And yeah, it depends
on the type of the
apps, but applications that are
more like traditional multi tier
apps do tend to have
both, you know, we, we
want to help there as
well. So to make sure
I get my names, right,
WCF services and WTF data
services are different things. WCS
data services is now what
we're calling our implementation of
data. And then WCF services
are the services that I've,
I'm familiar with already. Alright,
well, thanks so much for
sitting down with me today
and explaining all of this.
I really appreciate it. And
are, I suppose we'll hear
some cool stuff at, at
mix about old data as
well. Oh, absolutely. So it
makes next week and we'll
have a, we'll have a
bunch of news. So, you
know, watch the blogs, watch
the keynotes there. We have
a lot to say it
makes it  And definitely
of course check out
dot org and lots of
stuff up there as well.
Oh yes. Yes. You can
expect actually an actual site.
You mentioned that the site
was kind of the case.
So something next week, definitely
check out or you'll actually
see a website that looks
like a website there. Very
cool. Well, thank you, public
Astro for sitting down with
me today and explaining data.
Great. Thanks, Scott. This has
been another episode of Hansel
minutes and I'll see you
again next week.